Document battery behavior for novacustom (#865)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified/novacustom/features.md

Dasharo firmware implements battery charge thresholds, which aim to extend the
lifespan of the battery:

- charging will only start when the battery level is below the lower threshold
(default: 95%)

- charging will stop once the battery level reaches the upper threshold
(default: 98%)

Custom charge thresholds can be configured using the Dasharo setup menu.

### Battery bypass mode

The device can be powered in three modes:

- Battery Mode - the device is powered using the battery only. This mode is
active only if the device is not connected to a power adapter.
- Charging Mode - when the device is connected to a proper power adapter
it is powered directly from the adapter. The battery will start charging only
when the current charge falls below the lower charge threshold. When the upper

> threshold is achieved the battery is physically disconnected from the system
> and does not experience any excessive wear. If you are using the device like a

Reviewer: I wouldn't say it's physically disconnected, it's just not powering the system, or being charged. 

```suggestion
threshold is achieved, the battery stops charging and no current is flowing through it,
preventing excessive wear. If you are using the device like a
```

```suggestion
threshold is achieved the battery is physically disconnected from the system

```

Author: If this behavior is controlled using some high current transistor then that "physically" would not be true. Moreover it has to be connected to a battery management system, so I agree my claim was not accurate... Also, a battery is most certainly inanimate so it can't "experience" anything. Thanks for the suggestions!
